my campaign to leave the town of dildo
is really heating up you know they asked
a question of the week on the local news
there and TV every week and this is the
question this week in a REM qo question
of the week we asked do you think Jimmy
Kimmel should run for mayor of dildo
we'll have the results on Monday
okay well it's Monday and the results
are in and let's see how I did a time
now for the results of our NQ whoa
question of the week this week we asked
you do you think Jimmy Kimmel should run
for mayor of dildo and here's what you
said
52% in who said yes 48% of you said no
wow that's a close one I'm not running
against anybody there must be some kind
of Russian interference here because I
mentioned that my advance team touched
down a dildo this weekend they're
distributing signs all over the
community for supporters to post around
town you can see we got a sign there by
the water we've got signs on people's
homes we got at the dildo Brewing
Company they've posted a sign and also
outside the coffee shop which is our
official campaign headquarters and let's
go live to those headquarters now to
dildo Koch coffee travel
hi everyone hi Guillermo how's dildo
this was great fantastic it is are you
excited to be there
I'm very excited people are here very
friendly
I love dildo why does it sound like
you're reading a script in a hostage
video really because I saw a text
exchange that you had with one of our
producers Jen and she said hey let's put
the text up she said hey Guillermo we're
sending in a dildo all next week and you
said I think is bull and then she said
he have you booked on a red-eye Sunday
night and you said so is confirmed is
bull
give me yes I would I was drunk
Jimmy how does that differ from all
right are you happier now that you're
there I'm very happy Jimmy he's so nice
so beautiful okay what did your wife say
when you told her you were leaving her
for dildo she told me okay now tell me
about the town what are your impressions
so far so far so good Jimmy everybody
likes a is friendly it's nice it's a
beautiful city here now andrew is next
you Andrew pretty he's been helping us
organize our campaign Andrew how is here
MO fitting in is he doing a good job
representing me he was until we seen
that text
well don't worry Guillermo you'll only
be there for a whole week explaining
that it's okay Jimmy I like dildo oh
okay
Andrew how's it going how am i doing how
am i polling I saw 52 to 48 I'm
concerned well the thing is we don't
have an electoral college so yeah the
majority vote goes up here or not so
okay we know that were from all right
John is also there John Reed he
performed an original song last week for
John what was the name of the song just
remind us oh the demos on the dildo song
and John hey I love that song have you
been signed to a label yet have you been
receiving any calls no no about Jim is
just like get pumped we're good the
place we got a big tangle in here now
hey I also see somewhere very special
just behind Guillermo we saw a news clip
last week and they asked the locals if
they believed that was gonna actually
come to dildo and everyone said no
except for one man and that is this
gentleman my new best friend and dildo
Brent hello Brent hey Briscoe
you go by that oh why do they call you
nug cuz ain't shaped like a french fry
I see okay well we're gonna have a lot
what are we gonna do for fun Brent when
I get there oh well yeah I got some
spots to show you you do good times all
right are you gonna show Guillermo any
of those spots
oh he's coming later on tonight after we
leave here okay or more that's right no
oh
Guillermo I love this so much well thank
you hey Brent thank you Doug thank you
for your support and John and Andrew and
everybody there I'm so glad to have you
as part of the team can I count on you
can I say you're part of the team I see
you're all wearing the hats and stuff
yes and you're gonna go and you're gonna
go out and bang the doors in the
community hey by the way out since I do
a show a late night show I like it if
you go knock on doors in the middle of
the night that seemed like it would be
the best right we're trying institute
some of your ideas we already got the
dill donuts oh you got Jamie Kim oh well
done Danny can't labor they're not the
right shape but yeah okay I was thinking
something oblong but all right well guys
thank you so much we're gonna be
checking in with you all week get out
there and make me the mayor of this town
again we have to get going the summer
goes by fast and Guillermo you're in
charge all right that's right
say one more than I know I understand
that I'm not Canadian but I figure if we
can have a dildo running America why
can't we have an American running dildo
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you want to see
all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on